they were a pair of political
consultants who needed a break
that's it we're finished through kaput
don't say that max let's face it bloom
we haven't had a winning campaign in
years
max do you realize that under the right
circumstances it might be possible for
us to make more money from a
losing candidate than from a winner what
did you just say
first we find a bad candidate then we
raise money like crazy and we promise
all the donors and ambassadorship
to italy or or sweden or armenia
then when the public figures out what a
nutcase our guy is
he drops out of the race and we keep all
the dough oh
darling bloom glorious bloom
you bloody genius you max don't
but wait wait this candidate
he's got to be the worst candidate in
history a real train wreck schmuck of
potts a grade a world-class gold-plated
ninten poop
where would we ever find up a phone like
that
and now a message from the boardroom
many people have been asking about my
desk and the fact that i have so many
papers on my desk it's actually very
neat
but if you look around i mean there's a
lot of stuff i've noticed
over the years successful people
have a lot going on on their desks
my desk is a very
plan there's a new horse in the race for
the white house his name
donald j trump can he beat the
establishment
who will support him fiscal
conservatives the religious right
or crazy old semi-racist white people
are sure he can win mr bialystock
oh mrs kaminsky donald trump is the very
definition of a winner
just read the pin bless you mrs kaminsky
bless thank you thank you
yes i keep the checkie thank you thank
you
thank you mrs kaminsky yes goodbye mrs
kaminski
here we go that's a girl oh
beautiful beautiful we're going right
out the door
all right easy now he's we don't have
time for that easy
all right don't worry it's only six
flights
bye bye thank god for citizens united
that makes 22 ambassadors to france so
far and
25 million bucks bloom i have to tell
you
running trump was smart but your idea
about building a wall across the mexican
border
brilliant not as brilliant as your idea
about making the mexicans pay for it
he won't last the week
oh look max this is it i will build a
great
great wall on our southern border and i
will have
mexico pay for that wall talk my words
we're in the money we're in the money
but they picked the wrong fool
good news for donald trump the whole
world has gone stock raving mad for him
like these two loony birds these num
skulls
and even this whack-a-doodle you're
ready for chicago
do their job and go kick isis ass
he must be thrilled he's still in the
lead max
how could this happen well i hear he's a
proven businessman who knows how to get
things done
yeah and we were stand up to the
mexicans
i can't believe this it's not possible
where did we go
right i don't know wait a minute
wait a minute did he question john
mccain's war heroism
yes did he say we should possibly kick
out 11 million immigrants
yes did he propose banning all one
billion muslims from entering the u.s
see did he say heidi klum
was no longer a tent yes yes
nothing is working max nothing oh no
no just in time for the election it's a
story that starts off funny
and then gets really really depressing
we needed a chump to put on the stump
a frumpy grumpy jumpy named donald trump
he's building a wall a thousand feet
tall
don't worry cause the mexicans will pay
for it all
from the producers of the producers
comes the movie that'll make america
great again
nathan lane matthew broderick and clarus
leitchman's star
in
trump maybe he won't be such a bad
president
thanks for watching if you liked that
subscribe to our youtube channel for all
the latest videos
and if you didn't subscribe anyway it's
free who cares